Timestamp
What gender do you identify as?
What is your age?
Which country do you currently live in?
Please select how often do you engage in the following activities [I write about music on social media]
Please select how often do you engage in the following activities [I keep track of new music that I come across (e.g. new artists or recordings)]
Please select how often do you engage in the following activities [I read or search the internet for things related to music]
Please select how often do you engage in the following activities [I do music-related activities in my free time]
Please select how often do you engage in the following activities [I try to find out more about music I’m not familiar with]
Please select how often do you engage in the following activities [I pick certain music to motivate or excite me]
Please select how often do you engage in the following activities [I listen to music to trigger the associated memories / put myself into associated  mood]
How would you describe your musical background?
On average, how many hours per day do you spend listening to music?
Out of those hours, how many hours do you spend listening actively?
How do you get access to the music you listen to?	If you use streaming services, what sources do you usually use to listen to music?
Do you usually listen to playlists made by others? What kind?
How large is your personal music library? (if you have any)
How often do you have a desire to listen to new music?
How often would you like to listen to something from your collection/library that you haven't listened in a long time?
How often do you ACTUALLY listen to something from your collection/library that you haven't listened in a long time?
Why do you think you don't listen to those parts of your collection/library as often as you would like? (if your answers to previous two questions are different)
What are your go-to sources to discover new music?
What is your usual music discovery and exploration strategy?
When you are looking for new music, which of these types of information is the most useful for you to explore?
How many new artists have you discovered in last year?
In which context do you usually like to explore and discover new music?
What is your motivation for music exploration and discovery?
Talking about modern music streaming services, do you agree or disagree with the following statements? [There are many options for music exploration and discovery]
Talking about modern music streaming services, do you agree or disagree with the following statements? [I am satisfied with the options for music exploration and discovery that are available]
Talking about modern music streaming services, do you agree or disagree with the following statements? [The way terms "music exploration and discovery" are used aligns well with my perception]
Talking about modern music streaming services, do you agree or disagree with the following statements? [I would like more functionality to rediscover my library]
Talking about modern music streaming services, do you agree or disagree with the following statements? [I would like to interact with my library in more ways than current systems allow]
Talking about modern music streaming services, do you agree or disagree with the following statements? [I can usually quickly find the music that I want to listen to]
Talking about modern music streaming services, do you agree or disagree with the following statements? [I have discovered music that is different from what I usually listen to through recommendations]
Talking about modern music streaming services, do you agree or disagree with the following statements? [There should be more recommendations outside of my comfort zone]
Talking about modern music streaming services, do you agree or disagree with the following statements? [It is easy for me to get an overview and manage my library]
Do you have any additional comments or thoughts to share regarding music exploration and discovery?
